hey whats up guys its Damien or alpha
force and I got another online shoot out
for you this time I'm the columbus blue
jackets and do they even have a win yet
oh yeah I think they have like 13 I'm
gonna 317 and one or something now
that's really really bad I don't know
what they're thinking they're not making
trade they're not letting go of anybody
they should be trying to do something I
mean they got Rick Nash and Jeff Carter
I mean that that's two good players I
don't know why they're doing so bad
their goalie decides on to play out of
some nights I don't know I don't leave
watch Columbus so just the highlights
sometimes but that's about it but yeah
sorry haven't been uploading all like
every day like some people do but mon /
23 came out and vote november eighth if
you didn't know and I've been playing
just that like non-stop I think of 12
hours players only the first like not
even it hasn't even been a week so
that's that's a lot i think but I've
been busy with homework due so basically
all been doing this week is called to
the home working couple ships at work
but that's about it and about them
beliefs a favorite team is doing pretty
good they lost games auto while the
other day that was disappointing I was
at work and I didn't get sleep the
highlights and then put carter passed it
back horns on net definitely go youtube
that or whatever you have to tone NHL
com i'm sure you'll be able to find it
it's a headline he passed it back and
pass back to the defenseman he's in the
corner and the vent one wasn't there so
I don't know he was thinking I've my
pool man I was pissed and I seen it but
yeah coat check that a really funny
actually he scores in the net um and I
had the next steps in the next episode
or in my next video actually will be
online versus most likely hopefully next
week probably next week and i'll upload
it or something but yeah hopefully don't
expect anything like everyday or
anything I like that move right there
how we and it just slides it in be sweet
but yeah and if you like mom warfare 3
videos definitely go check out another
channel
so I'm just go to our Channel and or my
channel and close its in like other
channels box it's alpha del taco
definitely go check it out if you like
call duty and why not we're uploading a
lot of that lots of tips lots of first
impressions and stuff like that so
definitely go check that out and also
check out my other videos and keep
saying active guys keep commenting and
liking and any constructive criticism
just tell me just tell me what I'm doing
wrong can't leave you got me there
uh-huh and ya guys anything anything is
good i like seeing comments it makes me
happy i don't like getting like three
interviews and like one comment but
that's it guys and check out other
videos which should be on the screen
right about now yeah Shane made those
they're awesome and have a good day guys
but